their love demands on your time no matter what job you have and what kind
of work you do and it is just incredibly important that you keep
a good view of who needs what from you I mean obviously your your co
workers are going to need something from you your unit members who
are you need something from you and your family need some working with
all of those groups become vital to their success and you just need
to keep an idea what's going on I've been fairly successful I think
in balancing that out might three dollars would tell you that I
hardly ever misty the performing arts performance and her liver missed
an athletic event in which they participated there are times when
I was overseas or out of pocket in couldn't do it but the vast majority
of them I was there for so I think it's just a matter of scheduling
your time and making sure you keep a good balance and you don't
let any group down